Release fixes (#329)
publiccodenet/about: activities/member-relations/information-about-founding-membership.md

## Resource

> You can access the [information about founding membership template here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/165RXZmeU6klU_QmCR06ACvY8SAtN27de1nilqOmi8Nw/edit?usp=sharing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The template is available as [the Google Doc "Template_Information about Founding Membership"](https://docs.google.com/document/d/165RXZmeU6klU_QmCR06ACvY8SAtN27de1nilqOmi8Nw/edit?usp=sharing).
```
